The project is good. I'm concerned about the timeline because that is an important thing. And I think when I saw your application, and particularly the demo, I think it said to me two things. You understand the brief, but you also were prepared to make a real effort and commitment to at least put forward a very good proposal and demonstrate your ability. And it probably gave me the indication that you had more time available to you. That is an important part for me. We want to get this project done. And so finding a developer that had the spare time to be able to do that was going to be critical. So that's why I really kind of reached out to you. I really like the proposal. I think you've got a good understanding of what we're looking for. There will be some other complexities, I imagine, that will come in when you see the information systems we're currently working with. Maybe you'll have, I guess, at the moment, I think we are producing most of the information that we need. It's just in disparate areas. So bringing it together is the critical part. I think we can extract all the information that we need and all the analysis that we need, I think, from those raw data sets. But it's just about structuring it correctly. And so that's going to be the key here. And the timeline as well. As I've indicated to you already, I see this as being maybe the first part of a bigger project. And so this could roll into something quite a bit more. I want to make sure that we're not, as far as our business goes, I want to make sure we're not on the back of the curve as far as adopting new technology. As you are more aware than anybody, AI is going to completely revolutionize so many industries and the workplace. And so I think those businesses that get in early, embrace it, build it into their businesses early and achieve those cost savings and productivity gains early on will be the real winners. And so I want to be at the forefront of that with our business. This is really the first step, I think. And as technology improves, we're going to be able to utilize it to our advantage. So that's part of the plan. Having said that, I'm not a tech expert. I know a little bit about tech. At uni I did a little bit of IT, not very much. I've worked with a database developer before in building the Montpenny sales database that we have. We actually built that through with a developer that I sourced through Upwork years ago now. So I tend to be very hands on in terms of communicating functionality requirements. I kind of know how data fits together and what data sets are going to need in order to extract the information that we're looking for. So I can be kind of helpful there, but I'm not a tech expert. So to that end, in starting this process, I've actually leveraged AI straight away in terms of, in fact, I went straight to chat GPT. How can I utilize AI in our business to improve it? And that's where this project first started. So I'm going backwards and forwards to ask questions, to get advice, so that I don't have the technical knowledge. So on the one hand, I rely very much on you, but I'll also be going back to sort of cross check, if that makes sense. Sure thing. One thing to clarify, you know, you told that the one who utilized AI will win in this new tech era. And you need to understand that this draft, this draft, like happens every week, like new model, new kind of coding agents, and it happens like this. And you can't, you can't in current era, you can't sit and build something for weeks right now. That's a problem. Because I've been working as a product manager for years, and the dealing with the situation when developer tells you, oh, you know, this bug fix will be for two weeks, two weeks, what? And it's going on, it's going on, it's going on. Right now, it's not, it's not, it's not this time. It's new tech era. And yeah, we need to move fast. I'll get your point. Yeah, that's, that's really good. Because I think as time goes, and you know, I think finding somebody who firstly understands that, and secondly, is making a real effort to stay at the forefront of what tech is available, and how to utilize it in development. I think that's really important as well, because the kind of project we're doing now could have been done, I imagine, two or three years ago. But it would have been a much, much bigger, much, much longer, much more labor intensive process to build it. Whereas now it's quite quick. And of course, in about the six months time, it will be quicker again. So I think this is, this is part of it. I think I'm trying to use my imagination to understand why is that we can employ this technology, but getting feedback from people that really understand it will help as well. So yeah, so I mean, this is, it's, it's not really a one off project. This is something that will continue to evolve as we continue to look for better ways to improve. So I guess the, you know, I find myself in a bit of a quandary here at the moment, because I have put somebody on, they've already done some work, they've done some scoping work, we've had a few meetings. But I do like your approach and your direction. I particularly like the quick turnaround in terms of how you've come back with responses to the questions that I've asked you, and you've demonstrated a real understanding of what we need. So I like those things. But particularly the kind of quick response, that's really important. I did notice on your profile, you've got three or four open jobs at the moment. You said, I think, yeah, yeah, let me clarify that. Yeah, only one of them is active. And you can see that two of them, I can close it today, even today. But there are some clients which can do the job like every month, let's say once a month, once a month, once a month. And because of that, I am not, you know, closing this contract because they come in and we need to create contract again, again. And this is like slideshow generation and a little video for X field or something like this, small jobs, small tweaks. Right now, it's not active project. And other project, yes, it is active. It is a semi-dashboard project. And I will close it tomorrow and I can start with yours fully. Okay. Now, how, if we go fixed price, so I'm happy with that. But how do you keep me updated with your progress? We can do two things. First one is just to, you know, first of all, we can have such a calls, you know, every, let's say, couple days or every week. Let's say I will give you every day what I have done. I suppose if only we will be talking about every day, it's not important. But if only I will get you progress, let's say milestone will have milestone one will have three parts. Let's say connecting the databases, connecting the APIs. When I connect the Xero API, done. Let you know that. When connect the WinSite, connected, let you know that. And I just can update you when it's fully connected. And as far as you can see in milestone one, we will see a real result. It's not some black box, which you mentioned. It is a real result that all the data connected together. And after that, we will go to the call. I will show you that. Here we go. We connected the whole things and the piece together. And that's it. So clarifying your question, we can have these calls. And once and again, I will mention each and every part in the chat. Let's say updates like a couple of days, every couple of days, I will update you. Is it okay? Yeah, that's good. Because I think as time goes, I think finding somebody who firstly understands that, and secondly, is making a real effort to stay at the forefront of what tech is available and how to utilize it in development. I think that's really important as well, because the kind of project we're doing now could have been done, I imagine, two or three years ago. But it would have been a much, much bigger, much, much longer, much more labor intensive process to build it. Whereas now it's quite quick. And of course, in about the six months time, it will be quicker again. So I think this is part of it. I think I'm trying to use my imagination to understand why is that we can employ this technology, but getting feedback from people that really understand it will help as well. So yeah, so I mean, this is, it's not really a one off project. This is something that will continue to evolve as we continue to look for better ways to improve. So I guess the, you know, I find myself in a bit of a quandary here at the moment, because I have put somebody on, they've already done some work, they've done some scoping work, we've had a few meetings. But I do like your approach and your direction. I particularly like the quick turnaround in terms of how you've come back with responses to the questions that I've asked you, and you've demonstrated a real understanding of what we need. So I like those things. But particularly the kind of quick response, that's really important. I did notice on your profile, you've got three or four open jobs at the moment. You said, I think, yeah, yeah, let me clarify that. Yeah, only one of them is active. And you can see that two of them, I can close it today, even today. But there are some clients which can do the job like every month, let's say once a month Is that correct, Great Price? Maybe the Great Price underpinning that $58 wholesale price or cost of goods was $300 a ton, but in retrospect, the market price would be closer to $2,000 a ton. So we need that ability to take out the Great Price that's in Vinsight and substitute it with the Great Price that we nominate to give us an economic cost of goods and economic GP as opposed to an accounting GP. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's kind of calculating economics cost of goods and give me a few seconds. Yeah, accounting cost of goods versus economics cost of goods. So what grapes actually cost you and what Sierra recorded like accounting cost of goods. Okay. Exactly. Now, once we have that, now we can really start doing some deep dive analysis into our margins, our GP relating to different territories, different SKUs, different ranges. We can do some what if analysis. What if we increase the price by 10%? What's that going to do to GP? If we increase the price by 10% but we drop sales by 5%, what's the impact on GP? So all of this analysis, we then have the ability to do and that's where this can start to become powerful. So I think we are collecting all of the correct data, but we're just not at that point yet of being able to figure out GPs correctly. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Some of the ways that we gather the raw data can be a little bit clunky. So I think we probably need to build some robust controls in there. So for inventory, we take an inventory report out of Vinsight, which will tell us what we have in our warehouse. We'll also get an inventory report from DWS. DWS is the national distributor. So they have wine in warehouses all over Australia. But that wine is held on consignment. So our total inventory is both what they have on hand plus what we have on hand. But of course, those two systems speak different languages. They have different stock item codes to us. So I bring those two reports into a spreadsheet and I data match so that we get like for like. So that's how we're doing the inventory, but it's not perfect. There may be better ways to do these things. There may be better, more seamless ways to bring this information in if we're going to... I think as you see the systems that we're using, I think I have some ideas about how we might be able to improve, make it easier. But yeah, what else? Do you have any questions for me, Vladimir? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's all about... You clarified this question. That's okay. So just things that we... Can you hear me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you? Can you hear me? I can clearly hear you. Jason? Whether you have some questions for me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's all about access to database, like historical... Is it a historical archive or still it's being written to? So this database thing? Yeah. I'll show you. It is... Just let me know if you can see that. Yes, yes, yes. I can see. So yeah, we use this database. For some reason, it's... I might just have to... Might open that again. We do use the database on a monthly basis. So we... Every month we bring information from all of the different sales sources. And the same problem, every other system, ALM, DWS, they refer to our customers with different names, our wines with different names, different stock item codes. So this database does a data matching to make sure that regardless of whether the customer buys from us or from ALM or from DWS, the database still recognizes that as the same customer and recognizes the SKU as the same SKU. So the database does that. We do reporting from the database. But I must say it was built quite a while ago. It's not great. The reporting is okay, but some of the reports are very good. But it's probably not as useful as it could be. But it does do a good job of bringing in and reconciling information from these different sales sources. So that still happens on a monthly basis. And all of that information gets posted to a single table. So we have historical data going back five years. And every month that just gets added to with more data each month. Maybe there is a better way to do that. I don't know. I'm thinking about the next step. So this database, we will need it until we will fully migrate to the, let's say, our technology. So basically, as long as I can understand, we just can export the whole database and historical one data and put it in simple Postgres, the database as it is, but for our system. Because right now what you show me, I suppose, is just maybe you heard about it, is just Postgres SQL database, simple one. I suppose somebody built it for you. And we just need to export it and move it to our system. And starting from point when we will fully migrate to our app, we just need to be sure that we fully connected the whole previous data, let's say, of five years of doing this database. Does it make sense? Are you talking about migrating the database from Access to Postgres? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, okay. Because right now, speaking about all the systems which we have right now, like Winsight, Xero, and Google Sheets, it's fully accessible from, let's say, API. Not just API, it's fully accessible in terms of, yeah, API. You heard about it. So it's fully accessible for me as a developer. But database, it's only hosted on your Windows and located in your system, and there is no access to that. But we need it. So that's the point. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's fine. I must say the database, as it's currently built, I will show you now. I think I've just got that again. Just let me know when you can see it. Yeah, I can see it. Okay. So it's reasonably simple. We just upload files from different sources, ALM, Direct. This is at Y&R, is that previous distributor? This is actually DWS now. But we just upload the file there. We go into here to data match any exceptions. So if it's a SKU that's not recognized or a customer that's not recognized, we can assign that sort of secondary association with an existing customer or set up a new customer. And then ultimately, once that's done, it all gets posted into this combined data sheet, which has the five years of sales history, prices, discounts, rebates, wholesale fees. And then sitting behind this, there are customer tables, there are sales rep tables, SKU tables, which obviously can be called upon to produce reports. The issue is that this database, I think because it's quite big now, this is five years of data there. I couldn't tell you how many thousands of rows of information, but it's a lot. And so the reports, it takes a long time to generate reports. I see. Some of them are reasonably quick, but you can see this is what we're up against. There are some reports we just can't run now because it takes too long to produce the report. So maybe it's hitting its limitations, access, I don't know. But yeah, you can see it does take a while. Anyway, so look, if there's a better way to do that, then that'd be terrific. A lot of these reports we don't really necessarily need, particularly if we're going to an AI-based model where we